Welcome back.
So up until now we've learned the steps of machine learning and we learned the theory about machine
learning.
The last piece of the puzzle is what tools do we use in order to learn about machine learning so that
we can finally start doing some exercise and projects.
And this is why python is actually one of the most popular languages when using machine learning because
Python has such a big community and it's such a easy expressive language as we've learned that it has
a ton of libraries and modules that really help us do machine learning in a really fast efficient way.
It's not that Python is just the only language that you can do machine learning in.
It's that Python has the best tools available currently to do machine learning.
So what are these tools.
The first one is no by and none by is definitely a must when it comes to machine learning.
It's a library that helps us to use lists and arrays and python and specifically multi-dimensional a
race which are used very very often in machine learning.
So we're gonna be using not by and then the next one is pandas and pandas is used for what we call data
analysis pandas gives us an idea of this data frame which allows us the functionality to manipulate
data in tabular structure with rows and columns.
That is we get to usually read a CSP file using pandas.
It's going to extract this data into something called data frame and you can do all these amazing transformations
and aggregations using these data frames.
And don't worry I'll show you how to do this in the next video.
So we have not by for working with lists and race pandas for usually working with something like tabular
data.
So CSP files and then we have psyched learn and cycle learn.
Is that really exciting.
Create a model part where we import the psychic library and psych it comes pre-built with as you can
see different algorithms that we can use.
So we can do classification.
We can do regressions we can do clustering just by importing this library and then we use something
like map plot lib now map plot lib again is another library what we call a charting library.
It allows us to visualize data in a nice way and there's many tools that are built on top of map load
lib that help us visualize data in any different way that we want.
Finally the two last crucial tools that we need is first of all Jupiter notebooks if you remember in
the developer environment section we talked about Anaconda and how Anaconda by installing it gives us
access to the Jupiter notebooks and Jupiter notebooks are really really useful because up until now
we've written code and Pi charm or sublime taxed or visual studio code.
But Jupiter notebooks are really really useful when we do machine learning or data science because as
we'll see it allows us to step through our code and actually output and keep track of all these things
that we've been doing and also see visualizations something that you can really do in a text editor
like Sublime Text or picture so you can step through each data analysis stage and have these notebooks
visualized and potentially even give to different people in your company so that you can create a story
and shared with others.
So it's a notebook that allows us to communicate better and it's a very critical tool that is pretty
much standard now in the data science and machine learning field.
And as you can see these are crucial tools in our tool belt that we're going to use throughout the next
couple of videos but all of them work really really well with Python.
And it's why Python has become such a standard in the machine learning community.
The final piece of the puzzle though is that data right when we import the data and clean the data we
talked about the most difficult part being the actual collection of the data in order for us to learn
about machine learning.
We actually need some data to work with.
Now we're not Facebook or Amazon or Google or Apple but there's another useful tool called Kaggle and
Kaggle is a community of machine learning experts where you can do competitions you can look at other
people's Jupiter notebooks but it also has datasets that is we have free access to data to massive amounts
of data that are openly accessible if you want to learn about crimes in Boston about the PGA Tour about
gas prices in Brazil.
You can actually download for free these datasets so that you can play around with machine learning
and we're going to do just that in the next video.
So for now make sure if you haven't get your Jupiter notebooks ready again check the developer environment
section where I show you how to set this up and then create a free account on Kaggle because we're gonna
start getting our hands dirty with some coding I'll see in the next one by.